[Music]
five intriguing places you are not
allowed to visit
[Music]
there are many fascinating corners of
the world that the vast majority of us
will never have the opportunity to visit
and in every case each one has its own
reason for being so inaccessible such
places inevitably attract intense
interests on the part of tourists and
adventure seekers yet they remain almost
impossible to reach take a look at
what's hiding there
number five mount weather Emergency
Operations Center Virginia access
restricted to high-ranking officials
mount weather is a secret refuge for the
US government the FEMA operation center
is hidden underneath the mountain and is
capable of running the country in the
event of a catastrophe and any resulting
emergency situation some of the center
structures are built above ground and
these are administered and guarded by a
separate branch of the security and
emergency services inside the center is
governed by its laws and outsiders are
strictly forbidden to enter number four
it's all barred global Seed Vault Norway
a storage facility to be used in times
of catastrophe within a mountainside on
the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen at a
depth of 120 metres a tunnel has been
built within which a constant
temperature of minus 18 degrees Celsius
is maintained the humidity is kept to a
minimum and the tunnels microclimate is
regulated by an automated system it is
here that humanity's last hope of
reviving the natural world is
safeguarded in case of an unforeseen
cataclysmic event containers of seeds
preserve the agricultural inheritance of
all the world's countries and it is for
this reason that not a single person can
be allowed to enter for fear of damaging
humankind's chances of survival
number three valet de chambre
reservation Brazil isolated to protect
indigenous tribes indigenous tribes have
inhabited the jungles of the Amazon for
many centuries aerial photographs prove
the existence of those which remain
untouched by the outside world in the
valley to java re' reservation there are
about fourteen tribes that have no
knowledge or experience of the outside
world and his lifestyle revolves around
agriculture researchers have discovered
an additional eight villages there
leading them to estimate that the
combined population of the indigenous
peoples may be as high as 2,000 for
their safety and the preservation of
their way of life authorities ban people
from entering an area of the Amazon
rainforest equal to around twenty nine
thousand seven hundred thirty square
miles or 77 thousand square kilometers
[Music]
number two club 33 New Orleans Square
Disneyland the secret society that's
closed to all outsiders in 1967 Walt
Disney founded a club that gathered
famous investors eminent public figures
and politicians under one roof you'll
never be invited to visit club 33 nor
will anyone passing by its mysterious
door ever find any clues as to its name
the rumor is that it's not simply the
number of members it has for those who
burn with enough curiosity you can visit
the club if you wait 14 years and pay a
starting sum of ten thousand four
hundred fifty dollars for individuals or
$27,500 for companies also each year
individual and corporate members of the
club have to pay three thousand two
hundred seventy five dollars or sixty
one hundred dollars respectively to
retain their membership
[Music]
and number one the magnetic island of SB
drop close to protect people from the
effects of unpredictable energy the
rocky island of SB DRA is one of the
balearic islands off the coast of Spain
and it is said to have the third most
powerful degree of geomagnetic force on
earth the first and second are the
Bermuda Triangle and the North Pole yet
the island has no metal deposits
whatsoever being formed entirely from
volcanic rock here technology falters
and you can't trust your compass to
point in the true direction the arrow
will swing chaotically in different
directions
the mysterious SB draw is swathed in
legends and harrowing stories the
spanish government has banned anyone
from visiting the island declaring it to
be a natural reserve some claim that the
local spaniards occasionally organise
illegal excursions to the island all
that you can do legally is observe the
shore of the island from the water so
which place to you find the most
intriguing and why
[Music]
share your thoughts in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life